then destroy judo you is destroyed your
way to the barn pooping we got about a
lot we're into this round and I'm gonna
leave before the game aqui see me going
yo what's up so so you're the hospital I
never said negro I done saying on a 10-1
come over fuck did I just say mother
fuckas I fail due to your hi akele well
you know no no surprise yeah it's true
actually people are pretty chill when
they're high you would know that it's
action
motherfucker mighty gave me a regular
I'm gonna go kick some ass and then
fucker so this shit I thought this was
I knew some selfish it's not black
rosemary dawns on saying that it's
stupid enough shut the fuck up piece of
shit I'll slap you silly boy fuck oh
what a fat motherfucker take you down
the funky town hey see me mama playful
desk be too fuckin chillin in the back
we mellow as hell see that shit mo rocca
you can't do this shit motherfucker
can't do this shit we fucking balance on
each other's head motherfucker he's
trying to be pitching let's go ahead of
our hands our 71 is in the air I thought
oh stop me I got myself oh okay
whoever is the party leader back the
hell out I McGregor is that he's doing
that he's talking we have Christ all
that stood before us stop okay back out
I know your game what are you I know
you're ok but what are you I'm straight
I know I'm gay but what are you now
you're not you a whore I am NOT a whore
nice try to fuck up its oh you know me
so well I matter how are you one of my
customers or something about how you
know why do you work
where do I work get off the streets get
off the streets get a real cowboy
looking playful short or you know not oh
you can't fish now there wow you know
that's a guy yeah I know did you
remember that one guys it was like your
spirit is funny as for you but it's
pretty rich rose it's a pretty good I
don't think we're very clever
that's really be hurting people I that
is like you make fit the hand I was like
yeah when did I bet that took like 15
mayor's to there's only 12 minutes what
a problem well talking about